2016.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 11)
 * Feature Enhancement: Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Other: Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 10)
 * 16bit write and read channel user signal width support added in AXI-Full mode.
 * Fanout reduction for better timing
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Added GUI options to control the Random Address in AXI mode and Random Data in AXI-Streaming mode
 * Added Multi cycle constraints in AXI4 Advanced mode to impove timing
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 8)
 * Updated Internal parameter value that determines the transaction gap in static mode
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Added upto 64 bit address width support for AXI4 master interface
 * Updated IP to support 24 bit TLEN in streaming mode
 * Updated IP to support upto 32 bit User Width for AXI slave interface
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 6)
 * Updated IP to have a new parameter to take transaction repeat number from user for Fixed_Repeat_Delay mode
 * Updated IP to generate AWVALID and WVALID together in Advanced mode
 * Enabled out-of-context clock frequency setting by adding FREQ_HZ parameter to clock interface CLOCK
 * Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator

2014.4.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 5)
 * modified to generate continuous Index for MSTRAM, when master AXI interface Data width is greater than 64
 * Updated the RTL to correctly generate the done bit in STATIC mode, when transaction given is not accepted by slave and core disable is asserted
 * Corrected the GUI behavior for Sparse enablement in AXI-Streaming mode

2014.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Paramram support for data widths greater than 64
 * Enabled Address sweep for Static and HLTP modes
 * Added HIGH Address parameter in Static mode and Enable sweep parameters
 * modified to use new sub-cores in place of proc_common. No Functional changes
 * Added logic to synchronize the external start/stop signals to s_axi_aclk clock domain. No Functional changes

2014.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Code clean up, no functional changes

2014.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation
 * Interface names are changed as below from 2013.2 to 2013.3 and beyond
 * axi_slave    -> S_AXI
 * axi_master   -> M_AXI
 * axis1_master -> M_AXIS_MASTER
 * axis2_master -> S_AXIS_MASTER
 * axis2_slave  -> S_AXIS_SLAVE
 * axi4_lite_m  -> M_AXI_LITE_CH1
 * New interfaces added as below from 2013.3 onwards
 * M_AXIS_SLAVE,M_AXI_LITE_CH2-5
 * Initialization file names are prepended with component name.
 * Fixed infinite transaction generation issue in streaming mode.
 * Internal device family name change
 * Redefined loop enable feature to loop read/write channels independently.
 * Additional TDATA widths supported for AXI4-Stream
 * Support for user specified TSTRB/TKEEP values for AXI4-Stream
 * Support added to stop traffic in HLTP->Data->Repetitive mode
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support

2013.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * BUFG addition in example design for timing improvment.
 * Enhanced to loop through traffic in advanced/basic modes.
 * Improved GUI speed and responsiveness.

2013.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * Added Master Loop back mode for AXI4-Stream
 * Additional TDATA widths supported for AXI4-Stream
 * Added support for new micro command for processor less system in System Test mode
 * Added Max test time(in clocks) and Max command retry limit for System Init mode
 * New external ports Global start/stop added to synchronize all ATGs in a system
 * Provided initialization support for internal RAMs
 * High Level Traffic profile mode to generate IP specific AXI traffic-Video, PCIe, Ethernet, USB, Custom(Data)
 * Added support for upgrade from previous versions
 * Added example design and demonstration testbench
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators

2013.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Enable support for future devices
 * Improved support for multiple instances

2013.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2016 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
